#summary Installation instructions for Linux
#labels Phase-Deploy,Featured

= Requirements =

 * [http://python.org/download/ Python] (if using the RPM/DEB packages, Python *2.6*, and Python 2.5 should work if installing from source)
 * [http://pygtk.org/downloads.html PyGTK] (2.12 or above)
 * [http://www.gtk.org/download.html GTK+] (2.12 or above)
 * [http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools setuptools]

= Installation instructions =

== Deb or RPM packages ==

 # Ensure that you have Python, PyGTK, GTK+ and setuptools installed
 # [http://code.google.com/p/lorem-ipsum-generator/downloads/list Download] an install either the .deb or .rpm file
 # A shortcut can be found in your Application menu in the "Other" category. Alternatively the program can be started with the command `lorem-ipsum-generator`.

*Note:* If the shortcut fails to launch the application, this may indicate that one of the dependencies has not been installed correctly, or it is of the wrong version.

*Also:* If you are running a version of Python other than Python 2.6, it is recommended that you install from source, as below.

== Source package installation ==

 # Ensure that you have Python, PyGTK, GTK+ and setuptools installed
 # [http://code.google.com/p/lorem-ipsum-generator/downloads/list Download] and extract the source package (the .tar.gz file).
 # Open up a terminal and navigate to the extracted directory.
 # Run the command `python setup.py install` with super-user priveledges (i.e. use su or sudo)
 # A shortcut can be found in your Application menu in the "Other" category. Alternatively the program can be started with the command `lorem-ipsum-generator`.

*Note:* If the shortcut fails to launch the application, this may indicate that one of the dependencies has not been installed correctly, or it is of the wrong version.

== Source package, without installing ==

 # Ensure that you have Python, PyGTK, GTK+ and setuptools installed
 # [http://code.google.com/p/lorem-ipsum-generator/downloads/list Download] and extract the source package (the .tar.gz file).
 # Locate the `lorem-ipsum-generator` executable under the `src/` directory of the extracted directory.
 # Ensure that the `lorem-ipsum-generator` file is executable (`chmod +x lorem-ipsum-generator`), and then run it

*Note:* If the application fails to launch, this may indicate that one of the dependencies has not been installed correctly, or it is of the wrong version.